docs(readme): update readme to reflect new builder pattern for the authenticators (#1194)
watson-developer-cloud/java-sdk: README.md

Watson services are migrating to token-based Identity and Access Management (IAM) authentication.

> As of `v9.2.1` the preferred approach of initializing an authenticator is by using the builder pattern. 
> The main reason is to give us flexibility to add new properties to the authenticator in the future if and when needed, 
> and to make it easier for users to construct an authenticator instance using the precise set of properties they need to 
> set for their use-case rather than being forced to use one of the multi-arg constructors (i.e. the one that most closely 
> matches their requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `v9.2.1`, the preferred approach of initializing an authenticator is the builder pattern. This pattern supports constructing the authenticator with only the properties that you need. Also, if you're authenticating to a Watson service on Cloud Pak for Data that supports IAM, you must use the builder pattern.
```

Tried to remove stuff that might not matter. But I'll approve so that you can keep moving forward.

Watson services are migrating to token-based Identity and Access Management (IAM) authentication.

> - There are two ways of initializing an authenticator:
>     1.  Using the builder of the authenticator (builder pattern).
>     2.  Using the constructor of the authenticator (deprecated, but it is still available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can initialize the authenticator with either of the following approaches:
    - In the builder of the authenticator (builder pattern).
    - In the constructor of the authenticator (deprecated, but still available).
```

Some updates to follow style guidelines

Author: got it!

Supplying the IAM API key:

Builder pattern approach:

```java
// letting the SDK manage the IAM token
Authenticator authenticator = new IamAuthenticator.Builder()
            .apikey("<iam_api_key>")
            .build();
Discovery service = new Discovery("2019-04-30", authenticator);
```

> Deprecated constructor approach:

Author: Do you have any suggestions for that? Might be just to keep a builder pattern across the SDK

> Deprecated constructor approach:

Reviewer: That's a great question for which I don't have any suggestions. I'll defer to @repjarms for any insights.
